Bold styling combines with a classic design in this automatic watch #8928 from Invicta's Pro Diver collection. This sporty yet refined timepiece features a two-tone gold-plated and silver-tone stainless steel case, bezel, and bracelet strap. Protected by an anti-reflective mineral crystal with magnifier, a vivid blue dial showcases easy-to-read hands and markers, as well as a date display at three o'clock. Automatic 21-jewel movement is both shock resistant and reliable, while water resistance to 200 meters (660 feet) helps guard against the elements.Pro Diver Collection Plunge into any horizon using the steadfast guidance of the Invicta Pro Diver. Stylishly classic, internal workings are forged with variations of either Swiss chronograph or 21-jewel automatic movements and willingly navigate in depths up to 300 meters. Built with confident prowess, the fortitude with which these timepieces function makes the Pro Diver the quintessential in performance.Screw Down Crowns: Many Invicta watches are equipped with a screw down crown to help prevent water infiltration. This is most common on our Diver models. In order to adjust the date and/or time on such a watch, you must first unscrew the crown before you can gently pull it out to its first or second click stop position. To do this, simply rotate the crown counterclockwise until it springs open. When you have finished setting the watch, the crown must then be pushed in and screwed back in tightly. Not doing so will cancel the water resistance of the watch and will void all warranties from the manufacturer. Overall, this process should not require a lot of effort or force.Automatic WatchesAutomatic watches do not operate on batteries. Automatic watches are made up of about 130 or more parts that work together to tell time. Automatic movements mark the passage of time by a series of gear mechanisms, and are wound by the movement of your wrist as you wear it. The gear train then transmits the power to the escapement, which distributes the impulses, turning the balance wheel. The balance wheel is the time regulating organ of a mechanical watch, which vibrates on a spiral hairspring. Lengthening or shortening the balance spring makes the balance wheel go faster or slower to advance or retard the watch. The travel of the balance wheel from one extreme to the other and back again is called oscillation. Lastly, automatic movements come in different types, including movements that are Swiss-made, Japanese-made, and more.Also referred to as self-winding, watches with automatic movements utilize kinetic energy, the swinging of your arm, to provide energy to an oscillating rotor to keep the watch ticking. They're considered more satisfying to watch collectors (horologists) because of the engineering artistry that goes into the hundreds of parts that make up the movement. If you do not wear an automatic watch consistently (for about 8 to 12 hours a day), you can keep the watch powered with a watch winder (a great gift for collectors). 