Classic styling and high performance add up to an outstanding sport watch for your land or sea adventures. This automatic watch, from Invicta's Pro Diver series, places a large round stainless steel case on a robust triple link steel bracelet. The black dial is designed for quick and easy read-off, even in low light conditions. It offers three-hand function with Tritnite-coated luminous hands and hour markers and a magnified date display at the three o'clock mark. The dial is capped with a resilient mineral crystal and framed by a black unidirectional rotating steel bezel with coin edge detailing. This watch is driven by Japanese automatic movement, which is visible through the see-through skeleton case back. It is rated water resistant to a full 660 feet (200 meters).  Automatic WatchesAutomatic watches do not operate on batteries. Automatic watches are made up of about 130 or more parts that work together to tell time. Automatic movements mark the passage of time by a series of gear mechanisms, and are wound by the movement of your wrist as you wear it. The gear train then transmits the power to the escapement, which distributes the impulses, turning the balance wheel. The balance wheel is the time regulating organ of a mechanical watch, which vibrates on a spiral hairspring. Lengthening or shortening the balance spring makes the balance wheel go faster or slower to advance or retard the watch. The travel of the balance wheel from one extreme to the other and back again is called oscillation.When this type of watch is removed from your wrist, the movement winds down in 10 to 72 hours, depending on the size of its winding reserve Lastly, automatic movements come in different types, including movements that are Swiss-made, Japanese-made, and more.Also referred to as self-winding, watches with automatic movements utilize kinetic energy, the swinging of your arm, to provide energy to an oscillating rotor to keep the watch ticking. They're considered more satisfying to watch collectors (horologists) because of the engineering artistry that goes into the hundreds of parts that make up the movement. If you do not wear an automatic watch consistently (for about 8 to 12 hours a day), you can keep the watch powered with a watch winder (a great gift for collectors). Screw Down Crowns: Many Invicta watches are equipped with a screw down crown to help prevent water infiltration. This is most common on our Diver models. In order to adjust the date and/or time on such a watch, you must first unscrew the crown before you can gently pull it out to its first or second click stop position. To do this, simply rotate the crown counterclockwise until it springs open. When you have finished setting the watch, the crown must then be pushed in and screwed back in tightly. Not doing so will cancel the water resistance of the watch and will void all warranties from the manufacturer. Overall, this process should not require a lot of effort or force. Pro Diver Collection Plunge into any horizon using the steadfast guidance of the Invicta Pro Diver. Stylishly classic, internal workings are forged with variations of either Swiss chronograph or 21-jewel automatic movements and willingly navigate in depths up to 300 meters. Built with confident prowess, the fortitude with which these timepieces function makes the Pro Diver the quintessential in performance.