The I.N.O.X. collection is engineered to endure a truly adventurous life. I.N.O.X. watches can handle extreme conditions such as a fall of 10 meters, being driven over by a 64-ton tank or a dive down to 200 meters. They were also designed to please the eye. Day or night, in the office or on a mountain, nothing beats the durable, versatile look of the I.N.O.X. collection.The highest quality standards for ultimate functionality Authenticity If it does not have our Cross and Shield emblem and Victorinox Swiss Army on the dial, it is not an authentic Victorinox Swiss Army timepiece. Ours are the only timepieces authorized by the Swiss government to carry the name Swiss Army. 3-Year Warranty A minimum of 100 quality control tests allow Victorinox Swiss Army to offer a 3-year warranty.  Cleaning To preserve the attractive appearance of the watch, regularly clean the case and the steel or gold bracelet in slightly soapy water, then rinse in fresh water and dry with a soft cloth. Leather is a noble, living material. When it gets wet it tends to lose its suppleness and color. If possible, avoid frequent immersion in water and daily showers. When the watch has been in saltwater, it should be carefully rinsed with clear water and dried as soon as possible.   Shocks Avoid impact, drops and repeated friction that could abrade the metal and affect the watch mechanism. We recommend that you take off your watch while playing tennis, squash or golf. Also avoid contact with chemical products, exposure to high temperatures, and strong magnetic field. Customer Care "Commitment to the highest customer satisfaction" is among the many Victorinox Entrepreneurial values. This value is the unique and ultimate objective of the international customer care team in Switzerland, the global service centers and 200 customer care representatives, watchmakers and technicians around the world.  -Each watch sent to and authorized Victorinox Swiss Army (VSA) Customer Care Center is handles by a professional watchmaker. -A diagnostic is performed and a detailed cost estimate is established, free of charge (for watched that are no longer under warranty), which is submitted to you before any repairs are carried out. -Once you have accepted the cost estimate our watchmakers will carry out all the necessary procedures, including the replacement of all worn or defective components. Victorinox Swiss Army guarantees the availability of spare parts for 10 years after production has ended. -After each service, your watch will be returned to you with a warranty of one year on the work performed.