 Uncompromising Multisport Training GPS Watch  Stainless Steel EXO antenna with GPS + GLONASS support for fast fix and accuracy 1.2-inch sunlight readable color Chroma display Fitness training features like VO2 Max and Recovery Advisor (when used with a heart rate monitor¹) Outdoor navigation features like 3-axis compass, altimeter and barometer, TracBack and Sight’n Go Connect IQ compatibility for customized apps, widgets, watch faces and data fields   fēnix 3 is the rugged, capable and smart multisport  training GPS watch. With feature sets for fitness training plus feature  sets for outdoor navigation, fēnix 3 is ready for any training activity  and competition. Access to the Connect IQ  platform allows customization of watch faces, data fields, widgets and  activities. And, fēnix 3 is a thin, light multisport training GPS that  won’t slow you down whether for training or every day use. Serious Style That Stands Up to the Roughest Conditions fēnix 3 is available in 3 bold models: gray with high-strength,  scratch resistant, crystal and black band; silver with red band; and the  premium sapphire model with a stainless steel band and sapphire lens.  Each watch features a protective stainless steel bezel and buttons, and  reinforced housing for extra durability. A sunlight-visible  high-resolution color Chroma display with LED backlight lets you access  your data in any light. fēnix 3 is water rated 100 meters  and has a battery life of up to 50 hours in UltraTrac mode, 16 hours in  GPS mode and up to 3 months in watch mode (all depending on settings). Advanced Fitness Metrics fēnix 3 is packed with training features to tell you about your form  and fitness. The first is the VO2 max estimator. When used with a heart  rate monitor¹, fēnix 3 crunches data, including your running speed,  beats per minute and heart rate variability to estimate the maximum  volume of oxygen you can consume per minute. Track changes to your VO2  max to see your fitness gains and to compare with your peers. Other  fitness metrics include recovery advisor with a recovery timer and  recovery check, plus a Race Predictor, which estimates your ideal finish  time based on your current VO2 max number. Running Dynamics Features  fēnix 3 incorporates sophisticated Garmin running watch feedback on  your running form by reporting multiple metrics. When used with the  HRM-Run monitor¹, fēnix 3 reports your cadence, vertical oscillation and  ground contact time. These metrics are called running dynamics, and  they affect your running economy. Swim Profile and Ski-board Mode The fēnix 3 isn’t just for running; special feature sets help swim  training and skiing too. Borrowing from the Garmin Swim, fēnix 3 tracks  your distance, pace, stroke count and more. You just tell fēnix 3 the  size of the pool you’re swimming in and begin your workout. Ski-board  mode puts speed, distance, vertical drop and an automatic run counter  (with Auto Pause for the lift line) and more at your fingertips. You can  even use your fēnix 3 as a glove-friendly remote, via ANT+, for the  VIRB and VIRB Elite action cameras. Navigate Your Way No other navigator GPS plus ABC (altimeter, barometer and compass)  wristwatch offers you the combined training functions and our leading  GPS technology. fēnix 3 provides comprehensive navigation and tracking  functionalities to guide you on and off the beaten track. Its built-in  sensors provide information on heading, elevation and weather changes. It records a GPS track log creating a “bread crumb trail” as you  move. It also allows you to mark locations, such as a start/finish line,  course checkpoint, or a campsite, vehicle or other point of interest.  With fēnix 3, you can create and follow courses, mark up to 1,000  locations and store up to 10,000 track points and navigate to them. Plan trips and share adventures with friends and family using BaseCamp. fēnix is equipped with both ANT+ and Bluetooth Smart capabilities to wirelessly share locations, routes and geocaches. Altimeter, Barometer and Compass  fēnix 3 is equipped with ABC sensors to provide relevant real-time  information. The built-in altimeter provides elevation data to  accurately monitor ascent and descent, while the barometer can be used  to predict weather changes by showing short-term trends in air pressure.  The 3-axis electronic compass keeps your bearing whether you’re moving  or not. fēnix 3 auto-calibrates its ABC sensors using its GPS receiver and  also auto sets the time based on location. For an extremely accurate  temperature reading, pair it with our tempe external temperature sensor. Connect IQ fēnix 3 uses the ConnectIQ platform for specialized software so you can personalize your watch with apps, widgets, data fields and unique watch faces that make your Garmin smartwatch even smarter. Stay Connected Smart Notifications lets you receive emails, texts and alerts right  on your watch, even if you're on the trail. fēnix 3 receives the  wireless signal from a compatible iPhone 4s or Android smartphone and  let’s you know you have a message, displaying the text on its own  screen whenever you’re ready to read it. In the Box:  fēnix 3 - gray watch with black band HRM-Run USB charging/data cable AC adapter Quick start manual  ¹Heart rate monitors and HRM-run, sold separately. ²When paired with your iPhone 4S or later, Bluetooth or Bluetooth Smart Ready phones. See compatible list at http://support.garmin.com/support/searchSupport/case.faces?caseId={bbfc9660-8f77-11e3-d5f4-000000000000}.  The Bluetooth word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by  Bluetooth SIG, INC. iPhone is a trademark of Apple Inc. Android is a  trademark of Google Inc. 