Zensah Long Sleeve Compression Shirt is the most advanced compression shirt available. Featuring Zensah’s innovative compression technology, the compression shirt helps to decrease muscle recovery time, provides muscle stabilization to prevent injury, and improve blood flow. The long sleeve compression shirt is seamless, so it does not have any tags or seams to cause irritation or chafing. The shirt contains silver ions to provide thermal regulation - keeping your body at the perfect temperature. It is made in Italy of a blend of polyamide and polyester fabric and is ultra-soft. Anti-odor technology in the shirt prevent the build of bacteria while wearing the shirt, allowing it to stay feeling fresh. The compression shirt will keep it shape over many uses and washes. Who should use the long sleeve compression shirt? Runners - The long sleeve compression shirt is perfect for early morning or winter runs. The seamless design prevents chafing, while the compression provides a second-skin fit. Golfers - ensure you golf at your best. By improving blood flow, your upper body stays warm and loose, helping you hit that perfect swing. It also offers UV protection for the summer and is perfect for layering during early morning tee times. Skiers, Snowboarders, and Hikers - Do you love being outside year-round? Enjoy the outdoors in comfort and in warmth. The compression shirt acts as a perfect base layer. Gym Enthusiasts - You have put the hard work in at the gym. Show off your muscles! The compression shirt also helps prevent muscle fatigue, improve muscle recovery time, prevent injuries, and increase lifts All Athletes - the compression shirt helps to stabilize your muscles and prevent injuries. Stay warm while enjoying your favorite sport. Whether using the compression shirt for baseball, basketball, or just around the house, you will feel great with the best compression shirt. Compression Long Sleeve Shirt Sizing: Measurement S/M Men (Chest) 35 - 40 | Women 4 - 8 L/XL Men (Chest) 41 - 47 | Women 10 - 14