Salomon Sonic Pro Break The PB Barrier Everytime Fast, fluid and with superb fit, the SONIC PRO will help you keep the tempo high in the city. Upper - Precise and Secure Construction. Wrapping the foot with support and comfort, the Sonic Pro employs varying technologies to offer the best fit possible. A 3D open stretch mesh makes up the underlayer which provides maximum breathability, letting fresh air permeate the interior to keep the foot cool and refreshed. Externally it features Sensifit technology - a system that Wraps to the foot with a precise and secure fit, Sensifit cradles the foot from the midsole to the lace system, providing a stable, precise, snug fit all around the system. Moulded into the shoe, reducing weight and brings more comfort. Working in unison, EndoFit Security and Precision engineering is a Salomon exclusive technology comprising of an internal fit sleeve designed to hug the forefoot and improve feedback and foot wrapping. One of the final components to the upper is the simple and user friendly quick lace system. Quicklace is a single Kevlar string fed through friction free eyelets. As you pull, the lace closes evenly for a better fit, which delivers precision adjustment and a secure lock down, with a lace pocket to neatly stash away any excess that may get in your way. Midsole - Light Cushioning Compound. Offering supportive comfort whilst retaining a lightweight embodiment the midsole utilises Salomon's proprietary lightweight compressed EVA. A lightweight EVA for smooth cushioning and gait cycle transitioning. The format assists with keeping weight down and maximising responsive cushioning by actively reducing forces pressed upon the underfoot. Internally the Sonic Pro sports an EVA moulded OrthoLite sockliner which combines a specific Ortholite foam and an EVA heel cup. Ortholite foam creates a cooler, drier, healthier, better cushioned environment under the foot. It will not break down or lose effectiveness over time. Recycled tire con