The Salomon Speedcross 4 Trail Running Shoe Conquer any trail in the new Salomon Speedcross 4 Trail Running Shoe. The latest iteration in the revered Speedcross series, the Speedcross 4 features an updated outsole pattern for even greater traction and higher durability, to keep you moving forwards no matter what the trail throws at you. Complete with a water-resistant and reinforced upper, you can rest assured that your feet will be protected throughout your run. Durable Upper The Speedcross 4 features a water-resistant, breathable upper, which keeps your feet comfortable throughout your run. The upper is also lightweight and abrasion resistant, with highly-durable materials deployed around high-wear areas to minimise damage to your shoes from rocks and branches. The durable PVC Toe Box provides further durability and impact protection. The addition of an Anti-Debris Mesh and a Gusseted Tongue provide the wearer with further protection by preventing pebbles and other debris entering the shoe and causing discomfort. Externally, the Speedcross 4 features Salomon's Quicklace system, which provides one-pull tightening for a secure fit and easy on/off: simply pull the Kevlar string and the shoe will close evenly for a better fit, which delivers precision adjustment and a secure lock down. A Lace Pocket has also been included in the design to provide easy storage and prevent your laces getting in your way or getting damaged whilst on the trail. Sensifit technology works in tandem with the Quicklace system to cradle the foot from the midsole through to the laces to provide a stable, precise, and snug fit for enhanced support. Full-Length EVA Midsole The midsole has been designed and constructed with responsive cushioning in mind. Salomon have created the Speedcross 4's midsole to provide supportive comfort whilst retaining a lightweight. The midsole utilises a dual fusion of Salomon's proprietary LT Muscle and Injected EVA cushioning systems. LT Muscle provides lightweight