Designed to run on hard artificial surfaces, the BONDI 5 offers you exceptional comfort over time and just enough grip to get you on easy trails if you feel like it. Latest version of the revolutionary model Bondi, the "5" is the most cushioned HOKA ONE ONE shoes for the road. With improved tip, breathability, support and compression properties, it offers a smooth, cushioned and balanced stroke. A ComfortFrame upper and a padded tongue complement the EVA midsole and curved sole profile underneath the metas starting at the back of the foot to provide unmatched comfort. Hoka Bondi 5 Women's Running Shoes Breathable Mesh Upper The upper of the Bondi 5 is made from a Breathable mesh which sits comfortably against the foot and allows cool air to flow into the shoe at the same time as releasing warm air out of the shoe, allowing the foot to remain as cool, dry and comfortable as possible. 3D Print structure is also used throughout the shoe upper which is made from a superbly lightweight material and offers a precise fit for a secure and comfortable wear. The Ortholite molded insole has been added inside of the shoe which offers a plush underfoot feel and extra cushioning and support. Meta-Rocker Midsole The Early Stage Meta-Rocker chosen for the midsole is specifically designed with a low heel-to-toe differential and works like a rocking chair for your foot which allows the foot to be guided effectively through the natural gait cycle. A plush EVA material has also been used in the construction of the midsole which offers long-lasting cushioning and comfort. A moderate heel bevel has been added to provide a smooth roll through the foots natural gait cycle for a smooth heel to toe transition. Zonal Rubber Outsole The outsole is made from a durable rubber which will keep the bottom of the shoe from wearing away easily. Zonal rubber has been strategically placed in key areas along the outsole that are more likely to wear to give it extra durability, making sure you can turn t